"Before embarking on a journey of revenge, dig two graves. One for the fool and one for all those pesky relatives." - Dread Emperor Vindictive the First
"Power is mostly a matter of making the right corpses at the right time." - Dread Empress Malicia the First
"Ha! And I bet you didn’t even see it coming!" - Dread Emperor Traitorous the First
"Now kneel, fools, and witness my ascension to GODHOOD!" - Last words of Dread Empress Sinistra IV,
"I’ll be honest, Chancellor - revenge is the motivation for over half the decrees I’ve made." - Dread Empress Sanguinia II
"Home is wherever you can order someone drowned and not get any odd looks." - Dread Emperor Malignant III
"There’s no surer sign you’re being played than being certain you’ve grasped your opponent’s intent." - Dread Emperor Benevolent
"I never keep grudges. Not for long, anyway." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"Did you really think I wouldn’t cheat just because I was already winning?" - Dread Emperor Terribilis II
"Treason is more art than act." - Dread Emperor Traitorous
"The best revenge isn’t living well, it’s living to crucify all your enemies." - Dread Emperor Malevolent III, the Pithy
"Tyrants do not lose. We face temporary setbacks." - Dread Empress Maledicta II
"The worst sin a villain can commit is to hesitate." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"Look, if he didn’t want to be fed to my acid-spewing crocodiles he shouldn’t have brought me bad news." - Dread Emperor Malignant II, the Particularly Petty
"Don’t think of it so much as a fall, but rather as an opportunity to learn how to fly." - Dread Emperor Venal, in the act of succeeding his predecessor
"You have to enjoy life’s little pleasures, like lazy mornings and strawberries and invading Callow with an invisible army." - Dread Empress Malevolent III
"I’ve been told one can only be betrayed by a friend, which is why I constantly surround myself with enemies." - Dread Emperor Traitorous
"Hahahahaha. Ha. You can’t beat me now, this is the first part of my plan!" - Dread Emperor Irritant I, the Oddly Successful
"Sometimes you can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs, executing the hens who laid them on trumped up charges and setting the most rebellious henhouse on fire as an example to the others." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"The best defence is to have killed all your enemies." - Dread Emperor Terribilis I, the Thorough
"It probably doesn’t count as cannibalism if you’re already dead." - Dread Empress Sanguinia I, the Gourmet
"Nothing is half as dangerous to a villain as victory. We raise our own gallows." - Dread Empress Maleficent the First
"The most dangerous opponent for a master is a novice. Therefore, seek to be a novice in all things." - Isabella the Mad
"Oh, I get it. The real treasure was the people I had executed along the way!" - Dread Emperor Irritant I, the Oddly Successful
"One learns more from defeat than victory. Therefore, fear the general that has never won a battle." - Isabella the Mad
"Ah, but being defeated was always part of my plan! Yet another glorious victory for the Empire." - Dread Emperor Irritant, the Oddly Successful
"It is a shallow soul who fights to the cry of ‘might makes right’. The truth is more concise: might makes." - Dread Emperor Terribilis I, the Lawgiver
"Invading? Good Gods, of course not. We’re merely manoeuvring." - Dread Empress Sinistra II the Coy"
"Only if it’s ‘being executed’." - Dread Emperor Terribilis I, upon being asked for a last request by a hero
"The heart of warfare is deception. Therefore, the generals who can deceive even themselves are invincible." - Isabella the Mad
"I can’t beat your band of heroes, true, but what if there were another eight bands also out for my blood? Ha! What are you going to do, form a line?" - Dread Emperor Irritant, the Oddly Successful
"See, this is exactly the kind of trouble I’d be avoiding by mind controlling the entire world. You fools are making my point for me, can’t you see?" - Dread Emperor Imperious, shortly before being torn apart by an Ater mob
"There’s a natural hierarchy to the world, Chancellor: there’s me, then my boot, then all of Creation under the boot." - Dread Empress Regalia
"The source of wonder and horror is the same, and the boundary between them thinner than you would think." - Dread Empress Sanguinia I
"If Creation is not mine, what need is there to be a Creation at all?" - Dread Empress Triumphant
"My dear Chancellor, I didn’t murder my entire family and use their blood to turn myself into an undead abomination to be told I couldn’t do things." - Dread Emperor Revenant
"You’d be surprised at the breadth of things that can be powered by the souls of the innocent. Fortresses, swords, my favourite chandelier." - Dread Empress Malevolent II
"I’ve yet to encounter a situation that couldn’t be improved by a copious amount of lies and body doubles." - Dread Emperor Traitorous
"Ah, mortal wounds. My only weakness." - Dread Empress Sanguinia II 
"Who should really be afraid, between the dragon and the peasant with a sword?" - Dread Emperor Reprobate the First
"To bargain with devils is to paint with your own blood: the greater the work, the harsher the price." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"Ah, but every palace you destroy has to be rebuilt! You’ve single-handedly pulled the Empire out of a slump, hahaha. Once again sweet victory is mine." - Dread Emperor Irritant I, the Oddly Successful 
"The only thing more dangerous than being hated by a villain is to be loved by them." - Dread Empress Regalia II
"I was once told that character is what you are in the dark. I found, my dear Chancellor, that I was the dark." - Dread Emperor Sorcerous
"I imagine the High Lords would be inclined to protest the mind control, if I hadn’t seized control of their minds, which just goes to show this was the right decision all along." - Dread Emperor Imperious
"It is true, Chancellor, that a house divided cannot stand. Why do you think mine is the only one I left standing?" - Dread Emperor Callous
"Oh, woe is me, you’ve destroyed my army… Hahaha, you fell for it again! I haven’t paid them in a year, they were about to depose me. Once more, Irritant triumphs against all odds!" - Dread Emperor Irritant I, the Oddly Successful
"A dilemma is no such thing if it is flammable." - Dread Empress Sulphurous, the ‘Technically Correct’
"Food riots, is it? Well, I do enjoy when a problem is its own solution." - Dread Empress Sanguinia I, the Gourmet
"Here, have a butter knife. Let it not be said I do not tend to the needs of my beloved subjects." - Dread Emperor Revenant, having dinner with an enemy
"It is easiest to win a game when no one else knows you’re playing." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"Those who withstood the sword, I laid low with ink." - Words carved into the tomb of Dread Emperor Terribilis I, the Lawgiver
"Ruling is not unlike gardening, if all the weeds were heavily armed and plotting your demise." - Dread Empress Prudence the First, the ‘Frequently Vanquished’
"You might say that they’ll never see me coming." - Dread Empress Malevolent II, announcing the raising of her invisible army
"And so my reign ends as it began, with fewer allies than stab wounds." - Alleged last words of Dread Emperor Pernicious, the Imperiled 
"When the abyss stares back, wave. Offer refreshments. Being impolite to the abyss is never a good idea." - Dread Emperor Malevolent I, the Unhallowed
"Spoken like a man I’ll have raised from the dead just to execute a second time." - Dread Emperor Malignant III
"Lo and behold, I fear not your burning Light, for I am already on fire." - Dread Emperor Irritant I, the Oddly Successful
"You can have the throne when I’m done with it, which will be never." - Dread Emperor Revenant, initiating the First War of the Dead
"Take no comfort in that, hero. For though dawn ever comes, night ever does precede it." - Dread Empress Regalia II
"The enemy of my enemy is second on the list." - Dread Empress Vindictive III
"My dear Betrayer, I resent this accusation of selling you out to the heroes. No coin changed hands, it was really more of a bartering." - Dread Emperor Traitorous
"Don’t be absurd, Black Knight. It would have been called treason if I’d lost - this is merely succession." - Dread Emperor Vile the First
"You’re a masterful schemer, it’s true. Let’s see if that helps any in the alligator pit.." - Dread Empress Malignant I
"I’ve found that nothing quite sets the tone for council like strangling a courtier with my bare hands just before we begin." - Dread Emperor Venal
"Come now, my lords, you started this war knowing what I’m about." - Dread Empress Massacre the First
"Blood sacrifice is such an ugly term. I prefer to think of it a ‘blood redistribution’, a thriving new form of Imperial enterprise." - Dread Empress Sinistra II, the Coy
"With great madness comes great possibility." - Dread Emperor Malevolent I, the Unhallowed
"Own what you are, no matter how ugly the face of it. No lies are ever more dangerous to a villain than those they tell themselves." - Dread Emperor Benevolent
"There is more power in blood spilled willingly than unwillingly. The latter is simply a great deal easier to obtain." - Dread Emperor Sorcerous
"Quite literally not what I was aiming for, but I can work with this." - Dread Empress Regalia II, as her flying fortress began falling on Laure
"Hubris and wearing a helmet are not mutually exclusive. Here, allow me to demonstrate." - Dread Emperor Abominable, the Thrice-Struck
"Fool me once and it’d best be fatal, for my reply certainly will be." - Dread Emperor Vindictive II
"What do you mean, they ‘went around the maze’? Do you have any idea how much it cost us to build that?" - Dread Empress Malignant I
"Some acts only have to be committed once to afterwards echo a threat in your every silence." - Dread Empress Massacre the First
"You should listen to the devil on your shoulder, my friend. I had it nailed onto there for a reason." - Dread Emperor Abominable, the Thrice-Struck
"Just as planned." - Inscription on the front gates of the mausoleum of Dread Emperor Traitorous
"Ah, the classic imperial dilemma: which caused the other, the rebellion or the tiger pit?" - Dread Emperor Callous
"Never once have I been betrayed, for such an act first requires the extension of trust." - Dread Empress Foul II, the Forthright
"Power is as wealth; that which is yours has always been snatched from another." - Dread Emperor Venal
"Let me assure you, Chancellor, that with but a few words they’ll come around to agreeing with me. Almost like an incantation, really." - Dread Emperor Imperious
"By my own hand I have made my enemies, and so own them just as a craftsman owns his craft." - Dread Emperor Nihilis I, the Tanner
"A ruler should always join regicide plots: is the finest possible teacher for a locksmith not a thief?" - Dread Emperor Traitorous
"Biting the hand that feeds you is another way to feed." - Dread Emperor Vindictive II
"I’m afraid that that old saying about resting when you’re dead has proved overly optimistic, my good fellows." - Dread Empress Malevolent III
"Do not look down on fear, my friend: it is the rare case of a voice in your head actually helpful to your survival." - Dread Empress Prudence, the ‘Frequently Vanquished’
"I have been assured that my enemies lie behind every shadow, which is why they will henceforth be illegal." - Dread Empress Sinistra III
"There are two ways to interpret a prophecy: the way that spells your doom and the wrong one."  - Dread Empress Dismal
"Victory lies in understanding the intentions of the enemy. Therefore, a general with no intentions cannot be beaten." - Isabella the Mad
"The right kind of defeat can be more useful than a victory." - Dread Empress Prudence, the Frequently Vanquished
"Only a child pretends there is value in defeat. Fool they who praise a bleeding wound." - Dread Empress Massacre
"Do I not defeat my enemies, when I mind control them into being my friends?" - Dread Emperor Imperious
"Every crisis is an opportunity, Chancellor. Mostly an opportunity to die, but occasionally other things as well." - Dread Empress Malevolent II
"Power isn’t gold or faith or oaths. Power is the moment the tip of the knife punches through. Everything else flows from that source." - Dread Empress Massacre
"Love is a powerful thing, Chancellor, but it only moves you when it is threatened. Hate is ever the bloody spur of progress." - Dread Emperor Vindictive II
"At this point, it’s a matter of principle." - Dread Emperor Abominable, the Thrice-Struck
"It’s a matter of principle for me never to have railings built on anything, Chancellor. It saves on both construction costs and retirement pensions." - Dread Emperor Inimical, the Miser
"If victory were not sweet, we would not drink its poison so deeply." - Dread Empress Terribilia
"Needing a second blow to take a head is an unforgivable sin for two professions: butcher and king." - Dread Emperor Terribilis II
"This eye for an eye business is horridly proportional. I assure you, if I’m losing an eye then so is everyone else." - Dread Empress Sanguinia II
"I stared into the abyss and found what stared back… wanting." - Translation of the Kabbalis Book of Darkness, widely attributed to the young Dead King
"Authority is the lie we all agree on for fear of chaos." - Dread Empress Maleficent II
"The most important part of any summary execution is to remember to have fun and be yourself." - Dread Empress Malevolent II
"Salvation is ever an act of violence, be it within or without." - Dread Emperor Reprobate the First
"It was then I understood: it is a fundamental flaw in Creation that other people can disagree with me, and I must fix that mistake." - Dread Emperor Imperious